I feel like we already had some
frustrations in SEO internally so we
really wanted to find a partner that was
suited for us as a business where our
stage of growth was we've just been able
to scale really really quickly with a
lot of our SEO content so could you
please introduce yourself and tell us
what your company does hi yes I'm
Caitlyn I'm the content marketing
manager at events air where an event
management software comp
company uh yeah we deliver SAS software
global
to a lot of different event planners
professionals managers worldwide we've
been working with events there for just
over 6 months building out their full
strategy for driving qualified demos for
folks searching for their offer or
comparing Alternatives or looking for
problems they solve on Google organic
search identifying the core strategy
building out best-in-class content to
rank resonate and convert dream clients
into demos and reinforcing that with
Niche relevant solid back links and
helping with the reporting side of
things as well as full support could you
share the problems that you were facing
before you reached out to Breaking B2B I
think a lot of our I guess SEO
challenges came from just scale really
internally we really wanted to Resource
this better and our te team is really
agile in what we do but we really needed
that kind of really high expert level
especially in the bdb space to have
someone with with us um and guiding our
SEO to kind of get that to the next
level we're now showing up on organic
page one for money keywords so when
folks are comparing alternative
Solutions and looking for competitors
versus other comparisons they're showing
up top driving qualified inbounds what
would you say those kind of is issues or
frustrations in terms of impact do they
have much impact on the business uh 100%
because it's so hard for us to kind of
scale our organ traffic more than
anything else if we're not focused on
our SEO um and because we are delivering
in that Global space it's it is so much
harder if we're not focused on that as
our as a core part of our marketing
strategy so yeah having a partner to
kind of come in and help alongside that
is super beneficial for us any
hesitations like don't hold back is
there any hesitations you had before
kind of deciding to partner with us yeah
I feel like we already had some
frustrations in SEO internally so we
really wanted to find a partner that was
suited for us as a business for our
stage of growth was um frustrations or
like I don't know with you personally
sir not at all because you really sold
like everything to us and I think your
presence online um everything you talk
about SEO in the B2B our space really
resonated with us really well uh so No
No Reservations I think at the end of
the day um we felt really confident in
in getting on board with you guys was
there anything specific cuz if I
remember right at the time you were
comparing perhaps two or three
contractors or agencies was there any
specifics that made you decide with us
over them I think a lot of it was your
consistent followup and really pointed
feedback and suggestions for us as a
company I think that's like the biggest
piece that really pushed um breaking B2B
over the line because you really were
kind of focused on us as a company and
our stage and yeah that really helped in
terms of impact what kind of impact have
you seen so far yeah well I would say
SEO probably felt like it was taking up
much more of my time uh a little while
ago just thinking about it more from a
strategic perspective I can kind of step
back from that a little bit more because
I have that kind of faith in what you're
doing which is super helpful and then we
kind of can just work together on on
executing that but yeah for really from
like a strategic perspective you guys
handle all of that so it's really
helpful and easy for me if you had to
pinpoint on the most valuable part of
the service that we provide would you
say that there is one beyond what I've
said probably the flexibility of what's
next for us I think um like obviously
you're always checking in with like the
keywords we're targeting or the strategy
for the next month if we're going to do
content updates on your content that
kind of thing I think that's probably
the most helpful thing for me because it
means we can pivot when we needed and
put our kind of like focus on yeah
what's needed which is really helpful if
there's a B2B or Tech or SAS company
that maybe checks this review
out and they're they're preps on the
fence like not sure whether to go with
us or another contractor what would you
what would you tell to them I would say
that in the right hands like I feel
really confident in your team and kind
of everything that we've talked about
and worked on in the last few months um
we've just been able to scale really
really quickly with a lot of our SEO
content which we didn't have time to do
before and yeah it's been really helpful
the whole process has been really great
and if you're a B2B SAS business or
service business that's tired of seeing
competitors above you in organic search
results on Google or AI search and you
want to start finally making SEO a
consistent driver of quality ified
pipeline sales calls demos or signups
for your B2B SAS or service company and
you perhaps lack the resource or Intel
to be able to do it internally why not
book a call with us over at breaking
bb.com I'll be happy to have a chat
understand where you're at now and where
you'd like to get to and we can see if
we're a good fit to start driving
Pipeline and revenue with an SEO program
for your business so go ahead book a
call in the link in the description or
head over to breaking
bb.com or if you're not ready why not
check out the breaking B2B podcast or
breaking B2B newsletter for free
resources to up your SEO game with that
catch you soon